updated few parts of readme, setting up the environment left issue #22 (#30)
nightwatchjs/mobile-helper-tool: README.md

Official Nightwatch helper-tool to easily setup all the requirements needed to get started with mobile testing using Nightwatch.js.

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Nightwatch.js Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch/main/.github/assets/nightwatch-logo.png" width=300 />
</p>

> **Note**
> Although this tool is designed with Nightwatch in mind, it can also be used as a standalone tool to download all the required Android SDKs needed to get the Android Emulator setup and running with Android v11. It can also download and install the latest version of Firefox browser on the Android Emulator.

## Usage

> Nightwatch helper-tool can be used on both Android and IOS devices. You can use the guides below to use it on your devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool can be used to set up mobile-web and mobile-app testing on both Android and iOS devices. Please follow the usage guides below to set up mobile-testing in your existing Nightwatch.js project.

To set up a new Nightwatch.js project with support for mobile-testing out-of-the-box, run:
```sh
npm init nightwatch@latest <project-name>
```[x]
and answer the questions that follow.

```

- [Android](docs/ANDROID.md)

> - [IOS](docs/IOS.md)

Reviewer: Keep the format for this to be the same as before. Also, we should bifurcate the usage docs based on Mobile web testing and Mobile app testing, and not Android and iOS. Sorry if I mentioned dividing the docs for Android and iOS before.

Author: Ok will bifurcate into web and android testing

## Contributing

> We welcome any and all contributions from the community which can help improve Nightwatch. Please check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more extensive contributing guidelines.

Reviewer: The contributing guide linked here has many things specific to Nightwatch. Maybe we can just remove the contributing guide for now and list the steps to setup the project and contribute to it briefly in the README itself.

Author: ok
